[data grid] Fix typo on the `rowSelectionPropagation` feature (#14907)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/data-grid/row-grouping/row-grouping.md

When `rowSelectionPropagation.parents` is set to `true`.

- Selecting all the filtered descendants of a parent will auto-select the parent.

> - Deselecting a descendant of a selected parent will auto-deselect the parent.

Author: Not sure `auto-deselects` is a very valid verb :angel: 
How about?

```suggestion
- Deselecting a descendant of a selected parent automatically deselect the parent.
```

> - Deselecting a descendant of a selected parent will auto-deselect the parent.

Reviewer: However I'm not sure which one would be better:
`Deselecting a descendant of a selected parent automatically deselects the parent.`
vs
`Deselecting a descendant of a selected parent deselects the parent automatically.`

To me, the second one looks like a more natural tone.
What do you think?

> - Deselecting a descendant of a selected parent will auto-deselect the parent.

Author: I agree that the 2nd one is more natural
I'll update all the lines :+1:

> - Deselecting a descendant of a selected parent will auto-deselect the parent.

Author: Done :+1:
